Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, how are you
iPhone: I'm good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are things going this week.
iPhone: Very stressful.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's going on.
iPhone: Just work were down a lot of people and
iPhone: Like to today, completely throughout my appointment class gave me a project about like an hour before I was off. Well, it's an hour and a half before I was off and I completely forgot about the appointment and then it was like like 10 minutes before and
iPhone: I realized I was like Crap, I forgot to have my appointment today. And I was like, well, maybe it's tomorrow at six o'clock.
iPhone: I'm here now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's okay so your works busy. You're down a lot of people. And so you're having to pick up a lot of slack. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's tough. Did you ever get through those hundred alerts.
iPhone: Yeah I did actually got through them on Friday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow. Yeah, you stay busy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very buddy, what else is happening.
Um,
iPhone: I don't know right now. My brain is all scattered. I can't even really think properly. I can't even
iPhone: I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, well,
iPhone: wind down, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. It's a hard time when you you know you're double time in it at work and your minds filled with work, you know. So let's do a basic check in and I will let you go early and and just kind of let you breathe for the evening. Yeah, man.
iPhone: That's fine. I mean either ways, fine, but I just wanted to kind of like at least give you a heads up that
iPhone: You know,
iPhone: I was super busy and I completely forgot. And I'm glad I remember you know
iPhone: Before it was even six o'clock, but I still checked in late. Normally I always I always call it like 30 minutes before you know the appointment, like we're supposed to. And, you know, get my number from them and then call you guys around, you know, like maybe about five minutes before
iPhone: The appointment starts. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ahead of time. Yeah, you're pretty prompting and good about that. That's definitely responsible, you know, he definitely show that for sure. Cara. What else is going on anything else happening this week.
iPhone: Um,
iPhone: Well, I know in the future, like this weekend. My husband is throwing will not just my husband. It was my husband's idea to throw like a surprise party for his mom and it is like a party. Party and stuff like that. But obviously, I'm not going to drink or anything so
iPhone: And in that kind of stuff. He doesn't really like like affect me or anything. It's not like I'm like in a bad situation where I'm like, I want to drink or I feel cravings or anything.
iPhone: Because I actually went to a party last weekend. That was like a last minute thing for somebody else's birthday, and it was the same thing, but
iPhone: Last Friday, would to er for my swollen ankles and stuff like that. So we went after that and I just pretty much just sat there and I talked a lot to one of the girls who also doesn't drink.
iPhone: But she's diabetic. So she she said she can't drink because the medication, she's on so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you can definitely claim that you have an allergy to it. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely you know I'm to definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: change that mindset. You know what I mean, somebody tries to offer you something to say I'm allergic. I can't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just kind of puts it in perspective, too. But over the weekend. Pay attention to where your mind goes, pay attention. If you have thoughts that are trying to give you permission. Yeah. And if you don't, then that's great but just be aware that it can happen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, switching switching over and giving yourself permission to just have one sometimes can be you know to cross addiction and so you really got to be careful, you know, with that kind of stuff, especially when you're you know you're in early recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You want to get yourself safe, you know, make sure that you have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Make sure you're carrying a soda or bottled water or whatever it is you know that you like to drink that's non alcoholic.
iPhone: That's kind of like what I do is I usually drink some soda or something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, try to be mindful about where your mind goes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, um, but, just have fun. You know, there's no reason why you cannot have fun. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how did it play out for you. Last weekend with it. Good.
iPhone: Yeah, like I said, I didn't. I like any thoughts about drinking or even using, you know, like I said, I pretty much just said that you know the little chairs were the little fire pits that and I just
iPhone: You know, I just have my little wall at that time I had water and I talked to the girl for like two or three hours so
iPhone: Yeah. It wasn't bad at all. I didn't, you know that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kind of asked me if I wanted to play beer pong, but I was like, you know, I'd rather sit here.
iPhone: Talk so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I know you're on a good path, you know, and you don't want to veer off from it. At this point, definitely. And, and, besides, you know, Suboxone does cover those receptors. So remember that if you do, you won't get the same euphoric effect. Anyways, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You'll get the same body effect but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You won't get the same mind effect for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, for it so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's that. Yeah, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so just being aware and paying attention to what's going on and making sure that you're you know that you've eaten a good meal and that you got an oppressed, so you don't find yourself in any kind of vulnerable state.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or you know that to kind of creep in.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's important.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And have you been able to work on your communication like we talked about or is nothing came up so far for you to
Um,
iPhone: There was something that like happened like this, my husband. I'm trying to think it happened like I think like on Tuesday or Wednesday like about. Yeah. About a week ago. I'm trying to think of whatever it was, like,
iPhone: I forgot what it was.
iPhone: I should like, write it down. So I remember, I have a horrible memory.
iPhone: But I just basically said like, I don't want to fight. I just want to, you know, talk to you. I don't want you
iPhone: Being all passive aggressive and stuff. But if something's bothering you just tell me you don't have to be passive aggressive about it. And then he was like, okay, and he kind of like cool down a little bit so
iPhone: That's mostly what I kind of remember I just I just forgot what it was about. Now I'm going to think of it all night.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And say, oh, yeah, no, I remember what it was.
iPhone: Yeah, well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your was your response was different than what it normally was right.
iPhone: Yeah, because normally I'm just quiet. I just let it happen. Kind of thing and I just kind of like ignore it type of thing.
iPhone: I think it's, it's, kind of, what was it, what was it,
iPhone: I think it was actually
iPhone: Actually was Saturday.
iPhone: Yeah, it was Saturday. Yeah, because we went to the party. And then my husband, you know, Friday because he told me that
iPhone: He was going to go riding with his with his friend and he told me
iPhone: That he was going to go riding and he wanted me to go shopping with his mom and I'm like I told you that the doctor told me to like rest my legs. Keep them elevated as much as I can. And, you know, get some compression socks and where those and he said something about
iPhone: I can being a little bit passive aggressive, where he said that
iPhone: Because he like asked me something and
iPhone: I think he might even said like I wish you would just say something
iPhone: To me about because like he said something. Honestly, I kind of forgot what he said. I knew he spoke, but I was on my phone.
iPhone: I was reading a post that my dad was, you know, writing, nothing really a row or relevant. It was just something about, I don't know, somebody with the
iPhone: About the Super Bowl about the niners going in and stuff like that. And I was just, I was just like, almost done reading the paragraph.
iPhone: And I guess it was too long for him that he just like Nevermind, I'll go, I'll go get Kilian our son because he was over at his parents house staying the night
iPhone: And he's been wanting to go over there and spend time with his papa and his grandma stuff. So he was being all passive aggressive and stuff like that. And I just told him, I was like,
iPhone: I don't, I don't want to fight about, you know, who's gonna go get the kid and I got up like after he said something about me not saying anything. Oh, I know what it was he said something about me.
iPhone: He's like, I wish you went and ignored me and I was just like, whatever type of thing, but I got up and I brush my teeth and stuff and then he's like, I'm just going to go get Kilian you can stay here and just lay down all day and I told them about mean you know what resting my feet.
iPhone: And in the back of my head. I was just like why can't you go
iPhone: Why can't you go shopping. I'm I am supposed to be resting my legs and everything like that. And I know I should have like said that because, you know, that'd be like a good form of communication, but
iPhone: I don't know. You know, it's kind of like baby steps type of thing. And, like, kind of like how you said a week or two ago, you have to just kind of like
iPhone: Even communicate saying like, this is new for me. I'm learning.
iPhone: So, kind of, bear with me type of thing.
iPhone: But, you know, he kind of like snapped out of it because he, like, and then another thing is he slammed the door.
iPhone: And while I was in the bedroom reading that thing. And he said about me.
iPhone: Like ignoring him and not saying anything to him so
iPhone: I noticed that whenever he slammed the door. I did hear his truck door open and shut so I thought he got in his truck.
iPhone: And he, I guess he went to just go sit outside to smoke a cigarette and I saw his phone sitting on the couch. And so I went outside and I grabbed it and
iPhone: Not really proud of it but me being I guess passive aggressive bat I just slammed the door.
iPhone: You know, back at him and I got dressed and brush my teeth at that time and
iPhone: He
iPhone: You know, once he came back inside. He's like, sorry, and such an asshole.
iPhone: My it'd be nice if you were, you know, passive aggressive something's bothering you just you have to be so vicious about it or angry about it.
iPhone: We have just, you know, tell me you know because a lot of the times, whenever he like
iPhone: Fights or whatever. I just want him to be. I guess column about it. You know, like he doesn't have to like raise his voice or slam doors or
iPhone: You know cuz his dad actually used to do that kind of stuff. And I've actually kind of witnessed it a few times. Whenever we were living with them.
iPhone: Like while I was pregnant and stuff, whereas dad would just be slamming doors and throwing stuff throwing dishes in the sink all loud like it's just
iPhone: But his dad is very sensitive and very, very passive aggressive
iPhone: So I think that's where my husband gets it from
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, probably, you know, definitely. He didn't learn how to communicate in the proper manner and that's what's so great about you, learning how to find your voice and be able to, you know, speak up and not in an argumentative way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But being able to voice you know your side of things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, let them know. Listen, I'm trying to learn a different way to communicate and I'm hoping that we can you know do this together a little bit and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, because he obviously he didn't learn the tools, either. And, you know, there's nothing wrong that a lot of people don't want to learn the communication skills. I mean, for the longest time, parents, you know, really generational if you think about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It was better to not discuss things and just shove them under the carpet. But what happens is that pile just starts getting bigger and bigger and bigger, and before you know you're tripping over that cloud.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And things are getting
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, worse, and no communication is happening and relationships start separating and you want to avoid all that, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And being able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To learn how to not respond when he is being passive aggressive but being able to say, you know, being passive aggressive, you know, right now, can we talk about what's going on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean like you did. You did a great job, you know, and you're not going to do a perfect that you know the first
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 50 times that you try to do it. But the thing is is just trying, you know, practicing just practicing it you know helps it helps you develop that skill to be able to have a community, you think about how you communicate with people at work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, is it easier for you to be to communicate with people that work.
iPhone: Well with me, I'm a huge it's it sounds so like backwards or whatever. But like when I'm at work. I'm a very, very huge communicator.
iPhone: Like I tell people you know like doctors and nurses. I'm like, Hey, I just want to give you a heads up. I just want to communicate it to not only do I do it with, you know, the
iPhone: The nurses and the doctors and my co workers but I mean I even do it to the patients as well. You know, like I go out there and be like, hey,
iPhone: Just want to let you know that I have this piece of paper. I'm still trying to wait for the doctors door to open so I can go in there.
iPhone: And have him signed or not. There's no for, you know, the jury duty thing. So I'll let you know and i'll keep checking in with a doctor periodically and I'll you know i'll let you know.
iPhone: So I'm a, like a big huge communicator. And to me, it's like, I don't understand why I'm not like that with my husband, especially since we've been together for like nine nine and a half, maybe years. I think so. I don't know why I'm not communicator with him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Guys, have you guys have just kind of fit into those roles.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it's easier to to, you know, keep it to yourself and not engage in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In it all, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, if you could take what you know how to do at work and buy it to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Even just start applying a little bit, you know, to, you know, your home life, you'll see that the communication will open and he'll learn a different way to, you know, and definitely, I was wondering about that because a lot of times it's like that were at work. You know, you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're, you can communicate better you're on top of it and you know you voice boundaries and needs. And, you know, and also you have to remember to at work is that you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really working on other people's issues.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're helping them solve their issues. And so it's a lot easier to get out of yourself and solve other people's issues than what it is to look inward and try to work on your work on your own. In this, you know,
iPhone: Because I also feel like not only am I like a huge
iPhone: Communicator communicator at work, but I'm also a lot more cleaner at work. And then another thing I was going to say is that
iPhone: I know like with my husband and I, we've been together for so long and I just feel like ever since the beginning. We've never really. I mean, like, maybe in the beginning, we might have, but
iPhone: I don't think that we've ever really have that communication type thing. And I feel like it's because I'm so I feel so powerless. He's always right.
iPhone: Type of thing. And he has, like, more power, you know, if I tried to see something or kind of like stick up for myself. He like turns it around on me or throws it on me and
iPhone: You know, makes me feel stupid and then like if I do speak up or say something, then he like hits me with something and then I don't know how to come back at that
iPhone: So then I just, yeah, I just sit by it. And for a few years and be like, if he like was kinda like yelling at me. Not like yelling yelling, but you know like getting on me for something
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then
iPhone: I would just, I would literally like shut down like I couldn't speak at all. So now, over the years, I have been, you know, more vocal back you know sometimes or a lot of the times it's always been kind of like, you know, fighting back and forth bickering type thing, but
iPhone: There are sometimes whenever we do kind of like communicate, you know, or he'll communicate properly.
iPhone: But there are some times where that kind of slips or he's all passive aggressive and you know does all this stuff and then either like
iPhone: Like normally it's something that happens the night before. And then in the morning, you know, he'll like wake up and they'll I will
iPhone: Will still be kind of we kind of do the silent treatment, a lot like when we're mad at each other, which I know is another form of, you know, communication type thing that
iPhone: Usually will kind of like apologize and be like certain such an asshole, or sorry, such a date type thing. And then, you know, then they'll kind of be like, I just wish that you would, you know, blah blah blah blah blah type thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you know, and then what do you do, do you respond back and tell you, you know, talk about how you feel about what happened, or do you just accept it and move on.
iPhone: Well, I mean, usually WHENEVER YOU KNOW IT'S SOMETHING HE DOES.
iPhone: I don't want to say he kind of like blames me, but he
iPhone: Like so, for example, a lot of the times, whenever we kind of had those little fights or whatever, it would be because I said something or I didn't do anything type thing like
iPhone: Say if he asked me to, you know, like clean up the house or something while he was out working and he came home and either, you know, a very little was done or not all that was done, then he would start his you know passive aggressive or name calling type stuff and then
iPhone: I would just pretty much just go in the room and I wouldn't talk to them and you know city drinks every night. Sometimes he drinks a little bit too much or whatever. And then sometimes will
iPhone: You know, apologize. The next day and be like, sorry, blah blah blah blobs drunk or, you know, like he apologizes type thing or
iPhone: Like when it came to the fighting. A lot of the times, it just be like, you know, the whole I wish statement like I just wish that you would listen to me whenever I asked you if you can please clean up the house.
iPhone: That you actually like doing or something or not sit on your phone all day and not do anything around the house and I think I might have said it a couple weeks ago, or whatever, but lately I've been a lot more like cleaning and organizing stuff and I haven't had that in like years because
iPhone: I used to do it a lot. Whenever I wasn't doing like any drugs type of thing. I was a pretty clean. You know, organized person like at home.
iPhone: And then like I kind of, I kind of stopped a little bit, you know, like with the whole working and stuff more hours at work and
iPhone: And then I started you know doing pills and it gave me a lot more motivation. So it turned into I wouldn't do anything if I was not on anything but then when I did do pills and I would do.
iPhone: Everything type of thing.
iPhone: And to him that was kind of like a huge indicator, like, Oh, she must be on something because she's actually cleaning type stuff or she's doing this or that and
iPhone: But now, for the past couple weeks I've been like, you know, cleaning up and making sure that you know things are clean and I mean I can't remember the last time I like
iPhone: clean and organized something, you know, like I was like cleaning the baseboards which I've never done in the House that we lived in. So that's a little over a year.
iPhone: Dirt. I guess I organized underneath the bathroom sink and, you know, the list goes on. But he he's kind of like notice a little bit. He's like, Oh, well you you clean this or oh wow you clean that up type thing. So, or you organize that. So, you know, he noticed a little bit, but he doesn't like
iPhone: You know, not like a kid like oh, good job. I'm so proud.
iPhone: Yeah, no, not like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well at least he's recognizing, you know, the things you know that you are doing because that's just as important
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, not just recognizing the things that you're aren't doing but also recognizing the things that you are doing. And, you know, because everybody needs that attaboy everybody needs to, you know, have that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, I can't even think of the word of it but just that you know you're doing, you did it. You know, that's great. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just like we're humans, you know, we need to be recognized and we need to be. We need to feel appreciated. You know, as women.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so knowing that, you know, I'm glad that you know he's recognizing the things that you are doing and how have you been doing this week on as far as staying on top of stuff in your house.
iPhone: What do you mean
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you said that you were doing getting more active and doing more things in organizing and cleaning in your house are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you still in that mindset in that mode or
iPhone: Yeah, I mean like whenever I'm at home, except for like yesterday, I kind of just, I was not like you know because yesterday was a really, really hard stressful day because when you had
iPhone: Because there's a girl. She works part time. And normally, she does work a full on Monday, but yesterday she only worked like half of the day.
iPhone: So she pretty much left on her lunch and she didn't come back and there was only three of us. And there's only three spots that you sit up really to help the patients and stuff. So you got to check in, you know, seats and then you also have to check outline and
iPhone: When you have three people. It's like we all have to take our, our lunch break and that leaves that, you know, two people.
iPhone: You know, at once. So we had to like staggering amount and stuff like that. And at one point, my boss had to come out and actually like help us because Mondays are like our busiest days because of the weekend and all that stuff and
iPhone: You know, it's like Mondays are really important days to us like you can't take Mondays offer you do stuff on Mondays and on Monday, I had my, you know, the group session with you guys and that was even kind of like a
iPhone: You know, I felt like horrible, you know, kind of, leaving them behind you know because if it was the other way around. And people don't fully know my situation of why I'm leaving. Every Monday from, you know, 945 to 1115 so
iPhone: I mean, I don't need any where I just got to my car, but they see that as like
iPhone: Oh, she's never here type thing. And, you know, there's another girl that kind of does that thing, but she just was comes in late to work and people
iPhone: You know, they'll kind of be like
iPhone: Kim's late again you know type thing. So
iPhone: I told a couple people. I'm like, Yeah, I just want to give you a heads up on Mondays from 945 to 1115 I have a doctor's appointment that I go to every week. So I just want to give you a heads up so that way you know because like the first time that I had the group session I
iPhone: You know, didn't tell people where I was going, or what I was doing. I told them. I'm like, Hey, I have an appointment. I'll be back. That's all I said
iPhone: So they just thought that i don't know if they didn't hear the appointment part or what, but I guess, whenever I came back. Well, the first day that I did it.
iPhone: I obviously have the appointment. And then on top of that, it took my 30 minute lunch and I only took a 30 minute lunch at it take like my hour lunch like I normally do.
iPhone: Just took a 30 minutes so that we can eat. And I think it was even less that it was maybe like 20 or 25 minutes but then I came back inside. And then one of the, you know, head girls there.
iPhone: And she's not like a supervisor or anything like that. But she's just been there for so long and you know she's basically like a lead or whatever and
iPhone: She kind of like pulled me off to that to the side. She's like, hey, if you're ever going to leave you know
iPhone: Like
iPhone: Don't take your lunch or don't.
iPhone: Like it, it's like
iPhone: Who like one is nobody's business to know where I'm at, what I'm doing and all that kind of stuff. And on top of that, I told her I was like, I even put my time in from this time in this time. And then I ate afterwards. So I just thought that it was, you know, kind of
iPhone: I don't know, like stupid or something but you know there's times where, if I am late, which are days that whenever I have to take my son to daycare.
iPhone: A lot of the times, my son doesn't want to wake up in the morning, which I feel it. You know, I don't want to wake up in the morning, either especially early
iPhone: And, you know, have to go somewhere and he just really hard to deal with, you know, with me, dealing with him trying to get them ready because all he wants us his dad because his dad is usually one that doesn't in the morning.
iPhone: My son doesn't want to go in my car. He wants to go in his dad's truck. You know, so he's just constantly crying and fighting it and he doesn't want to do it. So it makes me late
iPhone: So whenever I come into work you know like 10 or 15 minutes late. People will complain to I guess my boss or something and then I come in at it.
iPhone: And I tell them, Oh, my cages. I'm sorry, but I just want to let you know that you know it's been a rough morning with my son.
iPhone: And I even told him you know before and he's just like, oh, I don't have a problem with it. But when other people bring it up to him, then he has to kind of like say something about it. Same thing like
iPhone: Whenever you know smoking cigarettes, all the time. He told me he's like, hey, if you ever need to step out and go smoke a cigarette, you know, just let me know and I'll let you go out there and then on top of that he would still let me take my our lunch break and then
iPhone: I'm wondering if I told you this last week, I don't know, but
iPhone: I was
iPhone: It was like two days before he liked mentioned it to me, but
iPhone: Instead of taking like my whole hour lunch. I would only take like a
iPhone: 30 or 45 minute lunch in and out. Use those 10 or 15 that either the 115 or both the 15th to take like my
iPhone: My break so I can go outside and smoke, instead of just basically getting a free smoke break from my breaks
iPhone: So, but he told me he's just like, yeah, so people have been saying that, you know, they feel like it's unfair that you're going outside to smoke and you get away from
iPhone: You know, work for you know 10 or 15 minutes and you're still getting your lunch and almost like and then he asked me, he's like, you know, if you're going to take breaks, like smoke breaks, just, you know, use one of your 15th or something because we are supposed to get like a
iPhone: Than a 30 minute lunch, and then another 15 but here because it's so crazy. It's just better to take an hour use all your brakes at once.
iPhone: To get it out of the way so you're not leaving and coming back, I guess so often. So, you know, two days before I said that I was already doing that thing where I am using one of my brakes as a smoke break and then that's all I was doing
iPhone: So yeah, somebody probably thought that I was taking smoke breaks and it's still taking an hour lunch break. And I'm like,
iPhone: I told my boss, because I, I, I can like talk to my boss or kind of like, you know, joke around with them mess around with them and you know I told him I was like your two days later.
iPhone: And he is just like, What do you mean I'm like i've i've the last two days I've been doing that I take one of my breaks as a smoke break. So, you know, because I feel like it is unfair. So, and you should like go okay so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm good. Yeah, you gotta watch everybody else. You know, it's funny that they have time to to monitor your ends in your house. Yeah, but you know it's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, we're can be crazy and coworkers are already always, you know, in any in any profession in any setting like that, especially high stress.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know they are stressed out and it's easy to point the finger and see what you're doing wrong or what you what they think that you could be doing better. Yeah, instead of just handling their own stuff and letting you know the boss. Do the boss's job, you know,
iPhone: It especially since I'm like the one they're like there's a girl who she was the newest person, but then I came in.
iPhone: And like one day I was trying to help her do something at because I could see that she was kind of like struggling or something. When I went to go try to help her, she just gave me. Hello attitude about it. So just like, Okay, fine, whatever, and then
iPhone: Of course, we were both sitting up at the front and somebody need to request request one of their, you know, pain medications that they were out of and he said that he wanted to
iPhone: Get his percocet refilled. Well, if you look at the med list. It's not listed as Percocet. It's listed as like oxycodone, so I'm just trying to tell her. I'll just like, oh, which medication is it again. I was at
iPhone: Before I could even like fully say like everything she was just like you can help the next person, you know, that was in line that literally just walked up when she said it.
iPhone: And I was just like, you are so freaking rude. So I guess, me being me the next day the pettiness of me was about a few days or a week later, she was doing something with a fax machine or the copy or whatever. And she was trying to print like a two sided page.
iPhone: Piece of paper of some sort, and she asked, she was trying to ask me like how do you do that and I was just like, I don't know, even though I do know.
iPhone: So I guess just me being the pettiness of what I am, you know, because how she because it wasn't just those two things. There was three things I can't really remember everything that happened, but
iPhone: The exact situation, but I just know that she basically burned me three times within an hour of me trying to help her, because I like to help
iPhone: And she's never worked for the VA before and she doesn't know how to schedule things
iPhone: Properly and I was just trying to help her. And it's not like I was being mean about it or anything like that, or bossy.
iPhone: So now whenever you know she's doing something and I know she's doing it wrong and be like, Hey, can I help. So I basically had to ask her, you know, if I could help her. You know, I remember. The other thing that it was it was something about changing a
iPhone: Or starting off as a new patient with the doctor and she was trying to have the patient fill out like a change of provider form. And I was like,
iPhone: You don't need to do that because that's just extra work. I didn't say that, but it's just I was trying to prevent that from happening where the guy spending like
iPhone: Five or 10 minutes filling up this paperwork and then come to find out. He doesn't even need to do it. So I was just trying to help the patient and I was trying to help her out and she was just being all snappy at me. So I was just like, whatever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Figure it out yourself, then
iPhone: Yeah, but
iPhone: Then I also kind of figured out she's probably having a really rough week because then like a week after that.
iPhone: She was in the hospital for like two or three weeks or something. She had something wrong with her pancreas. So, you know, I kind of, you know,
iPhone: Since she's come back. That's what I've been like, I guess, nicer to her, you know, like, kind of just asking permission if I can help her because
iPhone: You know, stepping on eggshells or whatever around her, but
iPhone: I kind of think like, oh, she's probably going through something rough or whatever maybe she's stressed out because she was going to have surgery or
iPhone: Maybe she was worried that you know something was wrong with her and then maybe she went to the doctors and they said like something wrong, the pancreas, you need surgery, you know, like I was just thinking of all these scenarios. So it's not like I hold it against her anymore, you know,
Yes. Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's right because you know you don't know what's going on in the other person's life and you don't know what's going on inside their head and what their struggles are. And so, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Despite attitude.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Giving people kindness. You know what I mean, yeah, is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: An understanding that you don't know the walk that they're walking, just like none of them know you're walking. Why you know you have to see a doctor on a weekly basis. Same thing with, you know, with them and so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that that you did a great job there. Yeah, by, you know, changing that. And so now if we could just continue with this work that you're doing on changing it, you know, with your husband at home, then you know things are going to get better right communication is going to get better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You guys are going to be able to communicate instead of snap at each other and that's going to make you know, things get better there too.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's progress.
iPhone: Right, yeah. Another thing that I wanted to just, I guess like mentioned to you because I don't know if I have mentioned it.
iPhone: I think I might have, but I'll just say it again, but when it comes to like my husband and stuff. I don't know if ever told you but
iPhone: There has been times that he's like threatened to like divorce me if I don't do this or take my kid away from me and get full custody and never let me see him again.
iPhone: type thing. So I think I might have told you that, but I just wanted to tell you another little I guess fact about how my husband can be sometimes, you know, to kind of like threaten me, to make me like, I don't know, make me, you know, do something he wants type of thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, those types of things. They're hard to change it first. But the farther that you're progressing with your communication skills with him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, um, you know, the next time that something come, something like that gets said, you know, there's nothing wrong with you saying you know that really makes me uncomfortable and you say those things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, if you if you want me to do something asked me if I if I can do it, you know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't have to give me consequences if I don't do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Those are pretty severe consequences to have to be walking on eggshells, you know what I mean, or in fear.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That that's going to happen if you don't comply to whatever it is. He wants you to do, you know,
iPhone: And there's been a few months or it was like a few months ago, like three or four months ago.
iPhone: I remember, I think my husband like did something or he might have said something and I was telling my friend and she's like in her 40s and
iPhone: I was telling her, I was like, man, like really bothers me that my husband better than that. And then she was kind of telling me about communication.
iPhone: And how I told her that I like, shut down and like I just can't speak up for myself or whatever. And she just told me she's like, just tell him that
iPhone: You know, like that bothers you. And if I wish I knew what it was. Because, like, you know what, once it happened and I told him.
iPhone: He was just like, Okay, I'm sorry, like it needs it like it was like he understood. He was like, Okay, I won't do that again type of thing. So he was being a lot more accepting and like
iPhone: You know, understanding of the situation, but you know it, it worked out better than I thought. Because there has been times in my head, or there's been times that something what happened and then
iPhone: Like I would
iPhone: You know, try to speak up and then it would always backfire on me just, there's been a little bit of times when something has happened and I think
iPhone: That whenever I think of certain situations where I don't want to say anything or address it. You know, I feel like
iPhone: It's always going to happen. And like I don't want to do it. You know, because I'm afraid this is going to happen.
iPhone: And there's probably only been like a few times or whatever that you know he's done a certain situation where I'm afraid to kind of do it again. Or, you know, some situation that could be similar to that and I'm afraid he's gonna like backfire at me.
iPhone: And yes, telling my friend. And she's like, Yeah, but how do you know he's gonna you know if he's never been in that situation. And I'm like,
iPhone: You know and I even tried to explain to my husband. I was like, Yeah, but if I do this you'll do that. And he's like, how do you even know you've never even, like, you know, like for example.
iPhone: Months and months ago, I only remember probably during the summer I was having like you know my whole depression thing and all that kind of stuff. And I was telling my husband while we were driving you know like about
iPhone: You know I told my, my husband, something about like
iPhone: There's times where I just feel like me just kind of like openly communicating with him. And I was like, the only thing I really live for is, you know, Kilian and
iPhone: It kind of hurt him that, you know, I said that the only thing that I really live for, is my son and not him.
iPhone: So he kind of he's just like, I don't know why you don't talk to me about you know what's going on with you. I don't know why you have to like hide everything for me like you're like serious deep down stuff and I just feel like
iPhone: There's been times where I think I have told him, but again, my memories. So, you know, bad and you know it could have happened a long time ago and I think it still might happen.
iPhone: Or might not even happen at all where, you know, like I just build a few scenarios in my head. And, you know, afraid that if I do this, something bad will happen so
iPhone: You know, my friend. She just said, the one that helped me with that thing and I was kind of like, you know, proud of myself for I was just, I was actually communicate and he understood
iPhone: You know, like, I'm like, I haven't really seen her in a while because she works at my old job. So we talk here and there, but we don't sit at lunch together and you know chit chat, like we used to, but you know I just feel like she's more of the Old wise women type thing. So, but
iPhone: Yeah, definitely. Her and her husband were both in that, like how I was
iPhone: And, you know, they're, you know, a little bit older. Now, you know, and they have kids now and they
iPhone: They communicate really well with each other, so they're more on the same page type thing, but I just feel like my husband always hates me or he's out to get me kind of thing and
iPhone: You know, it probably is in my head where, you know, I think all these scenarios are these things will happen. And that might not really be the case.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know what that's called.
iPhone: What
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what that's called. What catastrophic thinking
iPhone: Catastrophic thinking. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's where
What
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Catastrophic is just where
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, there's always this busy this detrimental end if you start speaking up on your side. You start communicating with them you know it's it's really a fear based
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Way of thinking, you know, if I say that, then you know he's gonna he's gonna leave me or he's going to take my baby or you know what i mean it's it's thinking the worst, no matter what. And there's no in between with that type of thinking there's no
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's actually no thought process that it could actually go a different way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you find yourself thinking the worst case scenarios. You know, you've got to kind of train your brain to say okay so that's one outcome that can happen but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If I don't speak my mind, then he's not going to know or if I don't communicate this with them. I'm not going to find out that there could possibly be 1015 more outcomes, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like worst case scenario.
Yeah.
iPhone: I was just gonna say is i feel like i a lot of things I always kind of like live in fear because, you know, and I'm also enough to
iPhone: I guess like with my husband. I'm not too confrontational because I'm afraid of what could happen, you know,
iPhone: I would rather you know keep things inside and just be
iPhone: Content just be where we're at than me do say something or hurt his feelings. Because sometimes when I speak.
iPhone: I don't know how to articulate my words properly and then it comes out in the wrong way. And then, you know, once I try to, you know, take a bath to be like, That's not what I meant. It's already been said, kind of thing and you know it's already hurt him type thing. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So start it. So starting it out with, I don't know if I'm going to say this right
iPhone: Yeah, I do that a lot.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know if if this is going to come out right. And so, please, you know, don't take offense to what I'm about to say.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I just need to say it. And I probably won't say it right because I'm trying to learn how to, you know, do this in the in the right way, but just being able to get get get it out there and let them know right off the bat that you're trying to communicate something with them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're working on learning how to do it in a manner that is not offensive.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know, it definitely kind of throws it off a little bit, and would hope I would hope that it would like take down his defenses.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
iPhone: Because I know I've done it with a couple of my friends. And one of my friends who is my best friend. I know I do it a lot with her because
iPhone: When I she's a really sensitive person. If I say one little thing you know she'll be pissed off at me, but she. It's like, she'll be like boiling inside, but she won't really like
iPhone: She won't show it, or you know, but I could tell that she's kind of upset with me, but she won't exactly say it, but she's also not like
iPhone: She doesn't take it out on me either, but real like if we're texting and I say something and I don't say like, I probably won't say this right. No.
iPhone: But you know what I mean type thing. And that's what I say, you know, but she knows now because we've been friends for a long time that when I say things you know even she'll come back. She's like, I know that's not what you meant to say. But I get what you're saying type thing. So
iPhone: Started with me and her were more, that kind of thing, but
iPhone: Like, I don't really remember.
iPhone: Times that if me and Kevin really like, I don't know if I've ever really said those things to him before of, like, I probably won't say this right. I think I have though, but I'm not 100% sure if I have actually said that to him. You know, like I probably won't say this right kind of thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And maybe, you know, just try it one time and also you have to know that that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's a whole nother side to this on his side of things. What I don't think he realizes to is, you know, being passive aggressive and slamming things and and throwing things and you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: letting you know that he's upset over something in that manner is part of the abuse cycle. And so it makes perfect sense that you know event on your side of things, brings in that fear to not tell him things
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And causes catastrophic thinking
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, so it's kind of like it's kind of two fisted and it sounds like you guys have gotten into this pattern into this relation, you know, this relationship with it. So if you begin by changing the way that you communicate with them and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, let them know, eventually the hope would be is that somewhere down the line. You can tell them you know that really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know it upsets me when you when you're a passive aggressive in when you're upset you slam the doors and, you know, I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I've even done this before, where I'm like, I don't know if you meant to do that. But, you know, that kind of puts me you know on edge a little bit. So try not to slam the door. You know, I get your upset, but tell me you're upset. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And because you know even we can talk about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anything but the hard stuff in a relationship seems to be where we struggled to communicate on both sides. It's like offenses, you know, especially when the hearts and bolts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Of, you know, defenses go up and we go on the offense and the defense and there goes the war.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so it's easy to not deal with it. But in reality, it's not easy because it comes out in all of the different ways. Yeah, that makes sense. You know, it's like knowing ahead of time. This conversation is going to be hard and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm probably not going to, you know, represent what I need to save you, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm trying to work on my my communication skill with you. And I just, you know, I'm struggling today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and this is why you know really keeping your statements about yourself and about your feelings and really focusing on on us and those I statements. I don't know if you've heard that before but
iPhone: Yeah, you told me before.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, they're really, you know, they're important to focus on, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On the eyes, instead of the you use or your statements like you always are. You never or you know those statements right there automatically put us on the defense or put them on the defense, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I, you know, I've had to go back and say, I really didn't mean to say that you always do that. It was just an automatic thing that came out of my mouth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you don't always do that but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and just really kind of retracting in that moment, you know, also allows for them to let down their guard a little bit
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know, it's a process. It takes time. You know, he's had been in one pattern. And the way that he communicates and it was learned. You know, you see that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know you've kind of developed this whole scenario at home to just kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sit in it and not, you know, deal with it and it's not going to do you any good because your needs aren't going to be met. You're always going to walk on eggshells
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And feel like, you know, the next things is going to take your baby. And that's not fair, either. And so, you know, really changing the way that you interact and changing the way that you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Communicate with him will then open the door and allow him to hopefully want to, you know, communicate with you in a different way to, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One step at a time. Busy
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, well I'm gonna wrap this up because I got somebody else. It just came into already right is just been like this. Boop, boop, boop.
iPhone: Yeah, back, back, I feel it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I, you know, so you get to go get some rest right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, do some self care and love on that baby.
iPhone: And
iPhone: I just got a text from my husband said that our son called 911 on accident because he
Watches
iPhone: Like YouTube on my husband's phone
iPhone: And some PMC swipes out of it and you know the, I guess the phone Keypad pops up, and I guess he call 911. But yeah, I just got the om SG killing just called 911 so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, they're coming. Okay, so you're needed at home. Anyways,
iPhone: Okay, yeah, I will see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You in a group and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when is your next appointment.
iPhone: You said that it was going to go back to Tuesdays at five o'clock.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just want to make sure
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me just double check. Okay, I probably
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I see and wait 5pm you're in California. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, yeah.
iPhone: Where are you, what
iPhone: California. Oh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I worked with
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: I was gonna say, do you mind if I asked what city you're in
iPhone: Sacramento make that's so weird.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cuz I'm
iPhone: Like you were liking conquered are in that area, like the Bay Area or something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, I'm in Sacramento.
And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay 5pm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tuesdays.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Correct. Okay. Alright, so go take care of the baby.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will. Okay, I will talk to you next week. Okay.
iPhone: Alright, sounds good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay bye care.
I